[Applause]
[Music]
I talk for a living you guys probably
know that this this is going to be the
toughest speech that I have ever done in
my life I'm probably going to cry and
you've seen me cry a lot of times
already so that's no
surprised I used to find the idea of
Fate impossible to believe I would
insist to people life is like a deck of
cards being shuffled and dealt in no
particular order but as I stand in front
of you today and in front of the most
beautiful woman I have seen in my life
here's why I think I was
wrong I think it's really easy to feel
lost I think we all feel lost at points
both on a personal level you know my
career isn't going anywhere my friends
don't really like me I'll never find a
partner but also on a bigger Universe
Scale I mean just look up there are 200
billion trillion Stars up there and when
you look at just one star it's so far
away that the light from it takes
100,000 years to get to you you're
looking at something that happened a
100,000 years
ago so where on Earth do we fit into
this vast picture we're made of Stardust
oh no but seriously like virtually every
element inside of us was formed in the
Stars we borrow it for a bit of time we
live our lives we laugh we cry and
then we return that Stardust back to the
universe so surely surely everything
that ever happens in our lives It's All
Temporary no one's going to Care in 100
years no one's going to remember in 500
years everything we will ever achieve
will live and die on this one tiny rock
floating in the middle of an indifferent
nothingness surely if the end
destination of life is death and that
the only thing that we can see for
certainty then life itself is
meaningless this is something I used to
think about a lot before meeting gisha I
would look at life through this
hypological hypercritical lens and would
continue to come to the conclusion that
when you ask enough questions no one has
the answers and eventually that there
are no answers there is no point a lot
of my ways of thinking stemm from very
early on like at school for example
people would act like I wasn't part of
the conversation that I was standing in
people would run up to me in the
corridors shout ugly in my ear and then
disappear before I could turn
around people told me I'd be single
forever I felt invisible like I could be
standing there in a room full of people
and they could just walk right through
me so to try and Escape that feeling I'd
keep my head down I'd avoid eye contact
I used to walk around like this all the
time because because that hurt
less but then I
found YouTube actually not richer she's
coming I promise I made some videos
online people like them so I kept making
those videos and it felt like I blinked
and suddenly I was popular people had
gone from wanting nothing to do with me
to being in Wonder praising me people
were like I knew you could do it from
the beginning congratulations I had my
money on you from the start and you
would think that would be the cure to
that deeply ingrained need for a purpose
that feeling of not being good enough
for the outside world it certainly felt
like it at the time but it actually made
it worse the simple fact that people
found me so much more impressive on
paper or over the Internet when they
were far away from me than when I let
them get close meant that but I decided
to keep it that way I created this outer
shell for myself this false perfect
person Persona that i' become based on
what I thought people wanted me to be
I'd adopt other people's ways of
thinking I did everything I could to get
every single person to like me and I'd
never get too close I'd always keep some
distance so they didn't know me so well
they'd realize I was the same old boring
nerdy lanky kid that had have been made
pretty clear to me that no one
lik for those of you who knew me when I
was younger
you'll know that I used to love being
home when I was really young I'd cross
my arms angrily and I tell people they
were stupid not letting me go home and
when I got older I I did the same thing
I just did it
internally and it's not because we had a
TV or toys or a garden to play in home
was the only place where I didn't feel
the need to hide who I was this little
Sanctuary free from the judgment and
expectation that I tried to shelter
myself from
now I could well have lived my entire
life like this a silent lone particle
drifting within this enormous Universe
working laughing crying but ultimately
without
reason but then I saw you drisha
standing on the other side of that busy
London Street looking right back at me
wearing the most beautiful smile I'd
ever seen in my
life she was holding back a laugh
watching me Wheeling along this massive
suit case behind me a tradition whenever
I'd come to London hanging into things
looking like I was about to move in
before I'd even met
her I locked eyes with her I laughed
back and the rest was
history the first time I met Risha I
booked three different bars I'd been on
enough dates at this point to know that
changing locations about once per hour
is a good way to keep things
interesting we didn't leave the first
one I never ever wanted to leave the
first one
we sat in the very corner of the bar me
trying to see Macho by ordering a strong
whiskey based
Mandarin but secretly wishing I could
have just had what she was having richer
proceeded to absolutely Slaughter me at
the foodball table at which point I
decided to just drop the act and order
the fruity pink
cocktail and then they had this little
bowl of popcorn at the table presumably
as a snack in case you got
hungry not a
drer after a couple of hours of having
drinks I decided I got to go to the
bathroom and this is the point where
every girl I I've been on a date with so
far every single girl does the same
thing they pull out their mirror they
made sure their makeup look good they
uncrease their clothing do you know what
I walk back into brisha doing seeing how
high she could throw that popcorn and
catch it in her mouth without
bounces yeah my kind of woman and when I
finally had to say bye to her that night
and I watched her walk away from me I
turned around I cursed and I did the
weirdest thing that I've never done
before right there in that moment I took
out my phone and I took a photo
it's a photo of an empty Street it
doesn't have me in it it doesn't have
her in it I took that photo because I
wanted to remember that moment that
electrifying feeling almost like the
universe itself had crept up behind me
to whisper in my
ear you're
welcome do you want to know
why it's because she saw me too Trisha
could see me clearer than anyone had
ever seen me before the real
me she refused to watch anything I put
online for the simple fact that she
wanted to know me for me and not what I
did or who I presented myself as that or
she just didn't like my
videos she could read me like a book
we'd say the exact same thing at the
exact same time in the exact same tone
so often we decided we should just take
turns when speaking to
people and we had so much fun together
when we first met I thought wow she
loves everything I love this is
amazing how wasn't a coincidence it took
me much longer to realize that the
reason we love the same things is
because brisha is relentlessly curious
she actively chooses at every
opportunity to take interest in the
things I take interest in but most
importantly of all she made me feels so
damn
love every time I'd confide in her every
time I'd revealed something about myself
that I assumed was the reason I was
unlovable she would just smile and love
me
more one of the things people tell me
when I was younger is Ain your head is
weirdly shaped you look like a cartoon
character not a good one that pushed me
to create this spiky hairstyle that
completely mased the shape of my head
and from the moment I did that and the
comments stopped I decided I wouldn't
dare reveal my true identity to anyone
anymore anytime a friend suggested we go
swimming or out in the rain where my
hair would get ruined for years I would
Panic I'd find a way to avoid it and it
took me a very long time to show Dr what
I look like without the hair because
some part of my brain was terrified that
any same girl would leave me in that
moment but when I did Risha stared right
back at me with the exact same
attraction and admiration that she
always had I was so confused how anyone
could like the way I looked without 3
gallons of gel in my hair I wanted to
run and hide myself 5 seconds is plenty
but she told me no Arin right here right
now in this moment like this you look
beautiful
I could slowly feel all those burdens
I've been carrying becoming Bridges and
my insecurities is melting away the
things had spent my entire life hiding
from the world she showed me how to be
proud of them she made me realize that
trying to be this flawless version of
myself all the time to serve other
people was not just exhausting but it
would never ever allow me to be
happy I'm not perfect but that's what
makes me perfect for
her she told me to embody that to wear
that mtra like a badge to shout it from
the
rooftops so here I
am and with this unconditional
acceptance by embracing me the exact
same through both the good and the bad
gisha opened me up to love she allowed
me to both love and be loved more than I
ever dreamed of being able
to and so it's probably not surprising
that it only took eight dates before I
knew I wanted to marry this girl we
weren't even boyfriend or girlfriend at
this point but I distinctly remember
this moment I was reading a book on my
bed there was a funny moment I laugh out
loud funny so I turned around to see her
and I realized she wasn't there and it
was the weirdest feeling because my
entire life if you'd ask me where I
wanted to be I would tell you one thing
and one thing only I want to go home
except this moment I realized that my
answer had
changed I want to be wherever she
is if you've ever observed rer and I in
our natural
habitat we don't we don't let go of each
other unless there's simply No Way
Around It we don't leave the 2 Meer
vicinity within the other person we've
been told multiple times we're
unbearable how's actually she just
today but you don't want to know why
it's because fundamentally Risha you are
my home you've made me realize home
isn't four walls in a ceiling home is a
feeling and in your arms in your eyes in
your hands Ideal Home and that's what
love is to me love is knowing that you
found your home your safe place your
sanctuary and that peaceful reassurance
of knowing that you will be home till
your final
days you know every evening before we go
to sleep drer and I do a gratitude and
goals list five things are grateful for
that day and five things you want to
achieve and every night you know what
she says she's grateful for she says me
I'm at the top of that list every single
time and you know what her top goal is
even after everything she already does
for me she says to be better for me
that's the type of woman Trisha is you
know the moment I proposed I've watched
that clip like 200 times at this point
mostly because the second I got down on
one knee the second I submitted myself
to her for the rest of my life her gut
reaction the first thing she did without
even thinking was not to gasp or go for
the ring she dropped down to her knees
with me and hugged me that is the type
of woman that drisha
is now here's what really gets me about
it though if you think about it the
chance of you having met the life
partner sitting next to you is basically
zero it shouldn't have happened you had
to be in the exact right place at the
exact right time your parents had to be
in the exact right place at the exact
right time in fact every single
generation before you had to have done
exactly what they did for you two to
have met the chance is so close to zero
that betting against it would be the
easiest money you've ever
made so the way that I take that is
either I am the luckiest man in the
world for bumping into this angel either
every single star had to align in my
favor or or it was going to happen we
were meant to find each other two people
born and brought up over 100 miles apart
but so unbelievably designed for each
other that's what I choose to believe
now that I see what my life is like with
you drisha I refuse to believe that my
life could have been without
you so standing here today underneath
this vast vast Cosmos surrounded by all
the people we love Risha I want to thank
you because now when I look at the same
Sky every single night I don't see
endless uncaring emptiness I see peace
you show me the Stars where I previously
saw the
void meeting you drisha always be my
greatest achievement meeting you drisha
has given me the conviction that the
Universe had a plan for us all along and
whether or not it was written in the
stars and we were destined to meet that
as long as we are together everything is
as it's meant to be and that the same
fate that brought us together that
allowed me to find my home and you to
find yours that fate will also guide us
forward I truly believe
that when you probe hard enough into our
existence when you try and use cold hard
logic to calculate the purpose of our
lives and the true reasons why we do
things none of it makes any sense and
that was me for my entire life but you
drisha you have made me realize that
while the end point of life may be empty
while every flicker eventually does go
out doesn't make the purpose meaningless
the purpose of life is love nothing
cures like love nothing protects like
love nothing endures like love and so
what can the objective be but to give
and receive as much love as you possibly
can in the time that you have to not try
and change the universe but to see it as
your canvas to paint your love story
across Mark Twain once said the two most
important moments are when you were born
and when you found out why and now that
I found out why my life is so simple
because it doesn't matter how much I
probe the answer to every single
question no matter how complex is the
same I love you treasure my wife
[Applause]
[Music]
for fore